[DOCS] Update operations docs for Tempo 3.0 architecture (#6926)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/operations/backend_search.md

This document explains how read path in Tempo works, what controls you have to tune the read path, details of the core configuration options, and how to tune these configuration options to get the most out of your Tempo cluster.

The general advice is to scale your queriers and block-builders. Additional queriers can more effectively run jobs in parallel

> while additional block-builders more aggressively reduce the length of your blocklist and copies of data.

Reviewer: This was correct before

Author: XCopilot responses aren't good for docs. Thank you for checking this.

> while additional block-builders more aggressively reduce the length of your blocklist and copies of data.

Reviewer: Again, this was correct before. Block-builders do not impact the read path as described here. Workers are queriers are correct.

Author: This change reverts back to what was there. 
```suggestion
The general advice is to scale your workers and queriers. Additional queriers can more effectively run jobs in parallel
while additional workers more aggressively reduce the length of your blocklist and copies of data (if using `RF=3`).
```
